[codex] Make Protocol tab App Layer ready (#144)
layer-3/docs: docs/nitrolite/protocol/app-layer/interaction-model.mdx

The response includes the Node's signature over the submitted state.

### SubmitState

Submits a User-signed state transition for processing. The request MUST include the signed state with a valid transition. The Node validates the state against advancement rules, verifies the User signature, co-signs the state, and applies side effects such as scheduling blockchain operations for non-`OPERATE` intents or creating receiver states for transfers.

The response includes the Node's signature over the submitted state.

### GetLatestState

Retrieves the current state for a given User and asset. The response includes the latest state. Implementations MAY support filtering to return only mutually signed states.

### GetHomeChannel

Retrieves on-chain home channel data for a given User and asset.

### GetEscrowChannel

Retrieves on-chain escrow channel data for a given escrow channel identifier.

## Event Messages

> The event message system is reserved for future specification. Events are asynchronous notifications generated by the protocol and are not responses to specific requests.

Reviewer: Reserved-for-future stub gets promoted to a top-level heading for one sentence. Either drop until specced, or demote to an inline note under Message Types so the section structure reflects content density.

```suggestion
:::note Events
Asynchronous event notifications are reserved for a future protocol revision. They will be defined alongside the relevant operations once specced.
:::
```

Author: fixed. moved this into a note under message types.
